Now let's talk about AWS AppSync.
So the idea with AppSync is to build a backend
for your mobile and web application.
So to store and synchronize data in real time.
For this AppSync actually leverages a technology
from Facebook called GraphQL,
and usually the exam, if you see GraphQL,
it will hint heavily for you to use AWS AppSync.
So thanks to GraphQL,
the client code for your APIs
can be generated automatically.
And on top of it, to build this GraphQL backend,
thanks to AppSync,
you will have integration with DynamoDB and Lambda.
It also gives you, thanks to GraphQL again,
real time subscription
so you can get updates of data for your web
and mobile applications in real time
and also offline data synchronization if you ever need.
There's also built in security.
And then we'll see in the next lecture
that there is a framework called AWS Amplify
that can leverage AppSync in the background
if you wanted to build a GraphQL backend
with Amplify as well.
So that's it for this lecture just remember,
AppSync (indistinct) storing data
for your mobile and web applications using GraphQL.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.